I have experience in Business, Data and Technology, passionate about application of technology to real business problems. I graduated of MSc Data Science at University of Nottingham and I intend to make the most of my MSC Data Science and Business to new challenges. I have domain knowledge in Marketing(sales administration), Operations (industrial processes, logistics, inventory analysis) and Finance (reports, KPI, cost, credit management).

Addo Food Group Limited, Machine Operative, January 2022 – Present. Operation of the jelly injection machine in the post-oven process. Maintain the continuity of the operation or the production line. Controlling general quality standards. Marks and Spencer, Warehouse Operative, November 2018 – 2019 I did three roles here Automated Picking operative, Packing operative and Operations Support Automated picking: consists in taking and collecting articles in a specified quantity before shipment to satisfy customers' orders. Packing: enclosing or protecting products for distribution in boxes or bags, and labeling for identification. Operations Support: Inventory analysis, summary and deployment of the information of the customer orders and stock flow.

Food Pack Ltda, Data Analyst, March 2011 – January 2018, I worked with PHP/CSS/JavaScript/JQuery/HTML/MSSQL CRUD data base operations, user control and reporting, Windows web server implementation, Linux application server, advanced Excel PowerPoint and Word. Design and developed web software for data visualization, data analysis and report KPI of the different processes of the company. IT project manager, responsible to manage technology implementation at the company, ERP software, databases, hardware, servers and routers. Process improvement and redesign, I developed and implemented process flow model of the company creating and implementing sales, picking, packing, dispatch, and payment/credit processes. mprovements involved also implementation of technology. Technology implementations included web programming by myself or externalization of software development/implementation. I worked with all department managers to develop more efficient ways of getting process improvement. Master Data Management. I interpreted data and presented findings to managerial team to draw conclusions for action, and helped create new business policies.

Grupo Errazuriz, Business Controller, August 2009 - January 2011, Use of advanced Microsoft Excel to create pivot tables , VLOOKUP, and other Excel functions. Producing yearly and monthly budgets. Presenting monthly results and budget variances. Preparation of management information from source data. I improved data collection procedure and generate reports on a weekly, monthly, and annually basis.

Skills: Project Management: I have leaded software implementations dealing with development teams or SaaS. Machine learning, supervised/unsupervised learning, deep learning, classification, regression, forecasting and optimization algorithms and frameworks (Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, pytorch, Tensorflow). Advanced SQL querying Data Bases (MSSQL, MYSQL, HANA or any other) and ability to handle large quantities of data. Advanced Microsoft Excel and Access, Pivot Tables and VB Macros. Visualization tool Tableau. Web programming (PHP, HTML5, CSS3, Java Script, Jquery, Ajax). Programming Python, R, JAVA, C#). Confident working on either Unix or Windows environments clients and servers. Deep understanding of all business processes, for example: Financial, SCM and Marketing.ERPs SAP Business One and others. Courses CCNA (networking), MS-SQL querying and installation, CEH (Ethical hacking), Linux LPI-1 and LPI-2, MCSA (Windows Server Active Directory).

Master of science MSC Data Science. CS Modules: Programming, Machine Learning, Data Modelling. Mathematical modules: Statistics, Time Series Forecasting, Multivariate Analysis. Projects: Classification and regression on UCI data sets (ANN, Decision Trees, SVM), Supervised and unsupervised learning techniques applied to Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) DR14 dataset (pre-processing, Classification and Clustering), Time Series analysis and forecast on Harbor Beach levels and River Nile Flow datasets, Semantic Segmentation of medical MRI image data using Deep Learning (Human placenta and brain tumour (BraTS 2020) datasets).

Bachelor of Science, Industrial Engineering. Business modules: Operations Research, Simulation, Business Strategy, Project Management, Supply Chain Management, Marketing, Finance, Accounting. Engineering modules: Physics, Chemistry, Thermodynamics, Mathematics, Fluid mechanics, Electrotechnics. Projects: Industrial refrigeration system for blueberries plant, Continuous improvement system for a ceramic factory.

Planning and development of design and procedures for metrics reports for implementation of marketing and sales decisions. Conducted Master Data Management. Working with all department managers to develop more efficient ways of getting process improvement. Interpreting data and Presenting findings to managerial team to draw conclusions for action and helping create new business policies. Team Leader SAP Business One ERP implementation and first line support. Team leader of the implementation, responsible for planning and executing according to schedule, responsible for approval and signing the business blueprint Receiving technical Induction about server SAP B1(Manager Account) administration, migration of the Master Data from the old system to SAP, configurations of the authorization parameters and making reports using Hana SQL and Crystal reports. During the SAP implementation I worked backed by a SAP B1 Consultant Company, so I was the contact faced to the SAP B1 consultant, and they solicited me every resource that they would need. After the implementation I did first line support, I maintained old reports and created new ones. During the implementation of Sap B1 I developed all the queries and reports that the company needed at that moment and SAP didn’t have( Financial, Logistics and Sales Ones). The technology used was Crystal Reports and SQL. I developed software for commission fees for the sales and collection management, ERP integrated, the technology used was PHP, Ajax, MSSQL. The objective of this project was to take the information from ERP(SB1) and then basically use it to show on line and up-to-date commission fees, and other information necessary to analyze and increase Sales and Collection, Like visualisation graphs and analytical tabs.

I developed commercial management dashboard and KPIs system ERP integrated. The objective of this project was to show the Sales Managerial Team the performance of the area through dashboards, KPI, graphs and analytical tables. The technology used was PHP, Ajax, MSSQL. I improved functionalities of e-Invoice System. The technology used was a C# windows service and XML. Functionalities were Improved, basically, I made up a service in C# that take the XML from the e-invoice System and change fields and change the structure of the e-invoice sheet. Financial Reporting System. I showed up-to-date and in a customized manner all the Legal and Managerial Financial Reports of the Company, the technology used was PHP, Ajax, MSSQL, obtaining the information on line from the ERP of the company. MSSQL and HANASQL Database Administration and Development. Windows and Linux Servers and Clients Administration and Routers configuration.
