You may be asking yourself why men are so sensitive about being asked for support. It is not
because men are lazy but because men have so much need to feel accepted. Any request to be
more or to give more might instead give the message that he is not accepted just the way he is. 
Just as a woman is more sensitive about being heard and feeling understood when she is
sharing her feelings, a man is more sensitive about being accepted just the way he is. Any
attempt to improve him makes him feel as though you are trying to change him because he is
not good enough. 
On Mars, the motto is “Don’t fix it unless it is broken.” When a man feels a woman wanting
more, and that she is trying to change him, he receives the message that she feels he is broken;
naturally he doesn’t feel loved just the way he is. 
By learning the art of asking for support, your relationships will gradually become greatly
enriched. As you are able to receive more of the love and support you need, your partner will
also naturally be quite happy. Men are happiest when they feel they have succeeded in fulfilling
the people they care about. By learning to ask correctly for support you not only help your man
feel more loved but also ensure you’ll get the love you need and deserve. 
In the next chapter we will explore the secret of keeping the magic of love alive.
This is when having a counselor or therapist is tremendously helpful. When you are with
someone you are not projecting your fears on, you can process the feelings that are coming up.
But if you are only with your partner, you may feel numb. 
This is why people with even very loving relationships may inevitably need the help of a
therapist. Sharing in support groups also has this liberating effect. Being with others whom we
don’t know intimately but who are supportive creates an opening for our wounded feelings to
be shared. 
When our unresolved feelings are being projected on our intimate partner, he or she is
powerless to help us. All our partner can do is encourage us to get support. Understanding how
our past continues to affect our relationships frees us to accept the ebb and flow of love. We
begin to trust love and its healing process. To keep the magic of love alive we must be flexible
and adapt to the ongoing changing seasons of love. 
A relationship is like a garden. If it is to thrive it must be watered regularly. Special care must be
given, taking into account the seasons as well as any unpredictable weather. New seeds must
be sown and weeds must be pulled. Similarly, to keep the magic of love alive we must
understand its seasons and nurture love’s special needs. 
